a6922009.html
15
-8-
would not hold more than about 4000 men but it came in useful as a
temporary camp for troops en route for the North.  Marseilles is
rather a fine city, spoilt by cobble streets and rattling old trams.
The view fro the surrounding hills is very fine especially at this
time of the year when the trees were blossoming and sprouting and
the wistaria and other brilliant climbers were at their best.  The
Riviera is certainly a glorious climate if the few days we spent
there were a fair sample of the bulk.  Women and old men seem to do
all the work hereabouts.  The women drive the trams work on the
wharves ( and do quite as well as the Sydney wharfies at any rate)
in the Railway yards the Factories, the trawlers, in fact do any old
work previously done by the men.  They do it so well that I should'nt
be surprised if the Egyptian habit of "letting them do it" is pop-
ular here after the war.  I think I shall settle down in the South of
France when this war has finished - that is if the Huns have not made
other arrangements for my future - for in addition to being good
bread-winners these French girls are not half bad to look at.  About
every day or two in Marseilles a batch of German prisoners "arrive
from the front" and are marched through the streets much to the de-
light of the French folk.  They are accommodated on a hulk in the
Harbour and from onservations I made I have a shrewd suspicion that
they were the same old Huns over and over again who were paraded
through the streets for their daily strafing by the good people of
Marseilles.  It reminded me of say, a small tradesman in the suburbs
who owns two carts and numbers them 19 and 26.  Nothing like making
an impression.
     Our camp was visited in the early morning and evening by girls
and women sellling bread scones, cakes, etc. mostly I think of their
