a6922016.html
29
-15-
possibly have seen the camp but must have gone on bearings given her
by the Taubes (German aeroplanes resembling doves in their flight)
which come over occasionally.  A flock of 5 of them came over the
morning after the raid to see what damage they had done, and I have
noticed since that the German version of that night's raids mentions
having bombed this depot, but does not claim to have done any damage.
The Coastal districts of Kent (England) were bombed about an hour and
a half after she left us - in fact England had raids on four nights
running.  They are nasty things and can do a lot of damage, though
the sooner we find a means of getting rid of them the better - our
present methods are futile.  We have been in darkness ever since the
raid as it is more than likely she will be back again and perhaps with
a better aim this time.
     Anzac Day was celebrated here by a review of all the Australian
troops in the district.  A hollow square was formed whilst a short
service for the Gallipoli dead was held by the Chaplain General of
England, after which we marched past the saluting base, our troops
marching like Guardsmen.  It was the biggest review I had ever seen,
and the general turnout was very favourably commented upon by all the
British Officers present.  One of the brightest features of the day
consisted of about 50 Australian nurses who assembled near the salut-
ing base and got greatly excited as we went by.  Poor things, they had
been over here a month and we were the first Australians they had seen.
They were doing duty in some British Hospital pending the arrival of
their own and this was the first day they had been outside the Hospit-
al grounds.  A convent is nothing to a British Hospital in their
opiinion.  One of them had been very fortunate, and of her the others
were very jealous - she had been one day with the housekeeper to a
neighbouring farm to buy the butter.  We picked them all up in an
